feat(mobile): Add user setting for default bookmark view mode (#1723)
karakeep-app/karakeep: GEMINI.md

Starting services:
- `pnpm web`: Start the web application (this doesn't return, unless you kill it).
- `pnpm workers`: Starts the background workers (this doesn't return, unless you kill it).

## Development Notes

> - When making schema changes, refer to the instructions in docs/docs/07-Development/03-database.md

Author: My tiny concern is that it will kinda duplicate the information, but otherwise I don't mind either.

> - When you need to make schema changes, refer to the instructions in docs/docs/07-Development/03-database.md

Author: ```suggestion
- When making schema changes, refer to the instructions in docs/docs/07-Development/03-database.md
```
